Again, I can use the cabana application
to validate that the information
published by the DHT 11 MPT Bridge
is being received by the server.
So I go to Cabana Dot 18,
Parker dot XY, zed count on five 601.
I think I just discover.
And what I need to take note of here
is that in the Raspberry Pi Terminal,
a Mac address is being printed out.
A result of the application
that's running on there.
I'll take a note of that which is DCA.
Six 3280 EC 82.
And at end with this application,
I need to search in the message field.
And it's going to equal.
No open quotation marks.
Anything that's percentage.
DC Colon A6 kernel 3280. Girl easy.
Turn on att. And then close it with
another percentage quotation mark.
If I search for that.
They lasted, searches,
identified all the records with
the market with my Raspberry Pi MAC
address that's returning the sensor.
If we look at the latest
records at 7:20 today,
I can go to the message and I can see
that it gives me the time of the sensor.
Reading gives me a humidity which
is 29% humidity in this room
and that the temperature in this
room was 27 degrees Centigrade.